## This is a document to summarize the file saving process 

To show this process, I will show an example of the saving of an entire channel 

- a channel has a vec with singles and two vecs with playlists in them 
- every playlist has a vec with media objects in them (same as the singles)
- every media can have one or n streams in them
- every media can have one or zero thumbnails in them 

The main saving function for streams is [save_media_stream()](src/downloader/streams/util.rs).
It takes a path and the file name. 
The path to the is generated by taking the given path and adding the file name. 
The ending is automatically added. 
This funciton gets used by every struct implementing the [MediaStream](src/downloader/streams/core.rs) trait.
An example of the [save()](src/downloader/streams/core.rs) function can be found [here](src/downloader/streams/audio.rs). 
As you can see, its just a wrapper for the [save_media_stream()](src/downloader/streams/util.rs) function 

A [Thumbnail](src/downloader/thumbnail.rs) is basically structured like a media stream.
It has the pure bytes in it and a file name. The [save()](src/downloader/thumbnail.rs) function takes a path and adds the file name to it. 
The extension is always .png

### Downloaded Media saving 

There are two different types of downloaded media: 
- Media with one stream 
- Media with n streams 
- Both types can have a thumbnail 
- Both types have the same metadata

Both types have three types of saving: 
- [save_thumbnail()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) is just a wrapper for the thumbnail discussed before
- [DwnMedia::save_media_stream()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) is a wrapper for the stream   
- [DwnBundleMedia::save_media_streams()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) downloads all streams and gives them an index if there are doubled names (x.webm x.mp3 but y.webm y-1.webm)
- [save_full()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) executes both function discussed before

### Downloaded List saving 

Playlists have two differnt type of downloads. 
[DwnList](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) has a vec of [DwnMedia](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs)
[DwnBundleList](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) has a vec of [DwnBundleMedia](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) 

For playlists/Albums there are two different types of saving: 
- [DwnList::save()](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) calls the [DwnMedia::save_media_stream()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) function on each of its Media objects 
- [DwnBundleList::save()](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) calls the [DwnBundleMedia::save_media_streams()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) function on each of its Media objects 
- [save_with_dir()](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) creates an additional directory in the given path and calls [self.save()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) with this new path  


### Downloaded Channel saving 

Channels have two differnt type of downloads. 
[DwnChannel](src/downloader/channel/downloaded.rs) has a vec of [DwnList](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs)
[DwnBundleChannel](src/downloader/channel/downloaded.rs) has a vec of [DwnBundleList](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) 

First three folders are created: 
- "path/singles"
- "path/eps"
- "path/albums"

After that a function [save](src/downloader/channel/downloaded.rs) is being called which always uses the already created paths and does the following: 
- calls [DwnMedia::save_media_stream()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) / [DwnBundleMedia::save_media_streams()](src/downloader/media/downloaded.rs) for each single 
- calls [save_with_dir()](src/downloader/playlist/downloaded.rs) for each ep or playlist/album

